docs: add index usage section (#3299)
PostgREST/postgrest: docs/references/api/tables_views.rst

    CREATE INDEX ON mytable ((to_jsonb(data) -> 'identification' ->> 'registration_number'));

.. _casting_columns:

Casting Columns
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Casting the columns is possible by suffixing them with the double colon ``::`` plus the desired type.

.. code-block:: bash

  curl "http://localhost:3000/people?select=full_name,salary::text"

.. code-block:: json

  [
    {"full_name": "John Doe", "salary": "90000.00"},
    {"full_name": "Jane Doe", "salary": "120000.00"}
  ]

.. note::

>   To guarantee :ref:`index_usage`, casting on horizontal filtering is not allowed. To do this, you can use :ref:`computed_cols`.

Author: Right. How about:

```suggestion
  To prevent invalidating :ref:`index_usage`, casting on horizontal filtering is not allowed. To do this, you can use :ref:`computed_cols`.
```
